well the next hunt will be taking you on
is up to the eastern part of Montana for
whitetail annual there with a good
friend of mine Rick Casper Mike and guy
Eastman will be doing the filming on
this trip and it's a really exciting
hunt my wife's going along with me on
this and there's nothing better and
being able to choose which species you
want when you do have a tag like this
I've known Rick for many years send a
lot of customers his way and I tell you
one thing about going up there you're
done usually in the first day or two
because there is abundance of wildlife
he's talking here we spot just Buckner
Mike and I was spotted just buck about a
mile and a half away and we made the
stock on him we knew that buck was
living on that Butte it was just a
matter of just taking our time and using
our glasses until we could spot him and
then we made a stock on him Tom got
Danell right there on top of one of the
best parts about hunting up here with
Rick Casper at rawhide Creek ranches is
all of the wonderful things around him
within just days driving distance it's
worth it to take an extra day do a
little bit of traveling as you can see
we're at Mount Rushmore which is an
unbelievable you can't believe what
these men did until you stand here in
front of it we have Deadwood city that's
close one of the oldest mining towns
around gold-mining old western town it's
just a lot of fun to spend they have
gambling all kinds of fun stuff and then
down south of us we have Custer State
Park beautiful game rich dear bighorn
sheep everywhere and it was definitely
worth the trip so come on up and hunt
with Rick and then head out and spend a
day just exploring it's a lot of fun I
gotta make sure it's in line with us
let's take kind of thing
it
we caught him in his bed we knew he was
down and we got was just getting ready
for the shot and danelle against set up
and then he started to get up and
started to move and he moved over into
the timber and we knew he's going to
come out and when he give her that
broadside shot she did an excellent shot
took him great job here he comes scene
yeah pretty much hey my gosh
unbelievable i I've never had a buck
like this I've never sighs about like
this well this is a very special moment
for my wife to nail and I to get a hunt
with a mic easement from Eastman's
hunting journal we're up here at rawhide
Creek Ranch is in Montana and danelle
just shot this beautiful non-typical
buck and I'm really proud of her and
thanks so much Mike for inviting us on
this trip well thanks for coming you
know your products are one of the
products that we put in our TV show I
your pack and also the vinyl system and
everybody at the eastern is hunting
journal endorses your products and use
them well I tell you you know worked
with the Eastman journal and for many
years and if anybody is really serious
about coming out west it's a very
informational magazine and I'd give Mike
a call or check out his website it's
Eastman calm and you could probably
learn a little bit about hunting out
west and you can do it yourself without
outfitter but if you do need one highly
recommend rawhide creek ranch as they do
a heck of a job got a lot of deer well I
tell you I couldn't be any prouder and
my wife Danell for making that clutch
shot I'm sure it had a little extra
pressure honor with Mike Eastman right
over her shoulder
that camera but she got the job done and
that buck is so nice that I don't think
I could find a bigger one myself I'm
sure they're out there but uh I decided
to go hunt some whitetail I get myself
in a predicament where there's a nice
mule deer there i'm thinkin of takin and
then out of nowhere we look right over
his shoulder well you you just check out
this footage see what happens and I
think I made the right decision on the
buck I took my kill deer up here move
down into this lower bottom here we've
been seeing quite a few white tail down
in here but I don't want the spook up
you know because of the mule deer they
ran down in here when we're up above on
the ridge up there I'll let them settle
just a little bit will come up here and
glass a little bit and hopefully will we
can spot some whitetail down here on the
lower bottoms
kanta-kun joke
those mule they're getting nervous
I can see his head that went down by the
net I was shooting right by where his
white patches in his neck she's good
shot oh my goodness yeah yeah still any
good he's just writing to yet he never
even moved well that's a that's a
different kind of rack 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 you know that's kind of funny I
wonder if they're even like a hundred
with guy Eastman last year I shot
11-point white till my best one ever and
again I shot another Levin pointer with
guy another best white kill you know
they're both very similar in a scoring
size
roll high Creek ranches and Blue Rock
Outfitters here in Montana and Wyoming
where we hunt on thousands of private
acres from trophy mule deer whitetail
deer antelope and Miriam turkeys and
elevations between 3,200 feet and 4800
feet with big breaks and pine hills all
our hunts are done by spot stock and
lodging is included with great
home-cooked meals so come and enjoy the
West here all night free branches well
now well as you can see we have a couple
nice trophies hear from our Montana hunt
I was a fortunate enough to take a nice
whitetail myself and my wife took
exceptional mule deer here with rawhide
Creek Ranch is a Rick Casper's owner of
this outfit and Rick I really appreciate
you having us here I want to tell the
folks a little bit about your operation
and what you offer well what we have
here lynus we have about a hundred
hundred twenty-five thousand acres of
private property two different kinds of
species we hunt here mule deer in white
tail deer which you guys know about
obviously we try to harvest mature deer
since you guys were here you've seen a
lot of deer and forcing we get to hunt
in the rut here in Montana as well so we
hunt both states Montana and Wyoming and
it's a great hunt week we have about an
eighty percent repeat business clients
come year after year the quality stays
the same as long as you don't take young
deer and so as you see we've taken
mature mature deer and it's a great
pleasure to have crooked harm to you
guys are quality people quality products
and professional hunters and I like that
that's